src/Docs.mdx, before:

## Usage

The Swiper component returns a container with all the provided children slide components and an optional Overlay component rendered on top of the slides. The `height` of the container is controlled by the slides, so make sure their `height`s are set. The container `width` is set to 100% by default and the slide `width` can be set by the slide or can be set using the `fit` property (i.e. `fit = 2` will set the slide `width`s to half of the container `width`). This is all assuming a default horizontal Swiper; when `vertical` is `true`, you have to set `height` on the Swiper container and should also set the slide `width`s.

In order to prevent html image dragging interfering with swiping, `-webkit-user-drag` is set to `none` for all child img elements. This behavior can be overwritten if desired.

## Props

| Property         | Type                                                             | Default     | Description                                                                                                         |
| :--------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------- | :---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `align`          | `'center'` &#124; `'start'`                                      | `'start'`   | Align the slides with the start or center of the container                                                          |
| `braking`        | `number`                                                         | `50`        | `1-100`. How hard to brake swiping animation after letting go                                                       |
| `children`       | `JSX.Element[]` &#124; `JSX.Element`                             | Required    | Slide elements                                                                                                      |
| `disabled`       | `boolean`                                                        | `false`     | Prevent dragging slides                                                                                             |
| `easingFunction` | `'linear'` &#124; `'quad'` &#124; `'quart'` &#124; `'overshoot'` | `'quart'`   | Set the ease stop animation for when stopMode != 'free'                                                             |
| `endMode`        | `'elastic'` &#124; `'rigid'` &#124; `'carousel'`                 | `'elastic'` | Apply elastic effect or rigid at the end of the slides or carousel them back around                                 |
| `fit`            | `number`                                                         | `undefined` | Fit `number` of slides in container                                                                                 |
| `gap`            | `number`                                                         | `0`         | px gap between slide                                                                                                |
| `goTo`           | `number`                                                         | `0`         | Used to set initial slide and to control externally                                                                 |
| `goToTime`       | `number`                                                         | `500`       | ms time it takes to transition to desired slide                                                                     |
| `onSwipeStart`   | `() => void   `                                                  | `undefined` | Called when swiping starts                                                                                          |
| `onSwipeEnd`     | `(slide: number) => void`                                        | `undefined` | Called when swiping ends with current slide                                                                         |
| `onLoad`         | `(methods: SwiperMethods) => void`                               | `undefined` | Return callable methods                                                                                             |
| `Overlay`        | `(props, SwiperOverlayProps) => JSX.Element`                     | `undefined` | Render component over swiper (used for controls, fade effect, etc.)                                                 |
| `scale`          | `number`                                                         | `1`         | Helpful when applying transform scale to swiper to match swipe movements                                            |
| `stopMode`       | `'single'` &#124; `'multiple'` &#124; `'free'`                   | `'single'`  | Stop after a single slide, animate slides per braking stopping on whole slide (multiple) or wherever it lies (free) |
| `vertical`       | `boolean`                                                        | `false`     | Change to vertical swiper                                                                                           |

## SwiperMethods

The `onLoad` and `Overlay` props give access to the swiper control `SwiperMethods` that allows you to programmatically control the swiper.

```
interface SwiperMethods {
	/** go to a slide */
	goTo: (slide: number) => void
	/** go to next slide */
	next: () => void
	/** go to previous slide */
	prev: () => void
}
```

## SwiperOverlay

An `Overlay` component can be defined that covers the full swiper container above the slides. Common use cases involve adding controls and gradient fade effects. The component must return an element (not `null`). The props given to the component are:

```
interface SwiperOverlayProps {
	currentIndex: number
	methods: SwiperMethods
}
```

Commit message:

fix: disable overlay pointer-events

src/Docs.mdx, after:

## Usage

The Swiper component returns a container with all the provided children slide components and an optional Overlay component rendered on top of the slides. The `height` of the container is controlled by the slides, so make sure their `height`s are set. The container `width` is set to 100% by default and the slide `width` can be set by the slide or can be set using the `fit` property (i.e. `fit = 2` will set the slide `width`s to half of the container `width`). This is all assuming a default horizontal Swiper; when `vertical` is `true`, you have to set `height` on the Swiper container and should also set the slide `width`s.

In order to prevent html image dragging interfering with swiping, `-webkit-user-drag` is set to `none` for all child img elements. This behavior can be overwritten if desired.

## Props

| Property         | Type                                                             | Default     | Description                                                                                                         |
| :--------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------- | :---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `align`          | `'center'` &#124; `'start'`                                      | `'start'`   | Align the slides with the start or center of the container                                                          |
| `braking`        | `number`                                                         | `50`        | `1-100`. How hard to brake swiping animation after letting go                                                       |
| `children`       | `JSX.Element[]` &#124; `JSX.Element`                             | Required    | Slide elements                                                                                                      |
| `disabled`       | `boolean`                                                        | `false`     | Prevent dragging slides                                                                                             |
| `easingFunction` | `'linear'` &#124; `'quad'` &#124; `'quart'` &#124; `'overshoot'` | `'quart'`   | Set the ease stop animation for when stopMode != 'free'                                                             |
| `endMode`        | `'elastic'` &#124; `'rigid'` &#124; `'carousel'`                 | `'elastic'` | Apply elastic effect or rigid at the end of the slides or carousel them back around                                 |
| `fit`            | `number`                                                         | `undefined` | Fit `number` of slides in container                                                                                 |
| `gap`            | `number`                                                         | `0`         | px gap between slide                                                                                                |
| `goTo`           | `number`                                                         | `0`         | Used to set initial slide and to control externally                                                                 |
| `goToTime`       | `number`                                                         | `500`       | ms time it takes to transition to desired slide                                                                     |
| `onSwipeStart`   | `() => void   `                                                  | `undefined` | Called when swiping starts                                                                                          |
| `onSwipeEnd`     | `(slide: number) => void`                                        | `undefined` | Called when swiping ends with current slide                                                                         |
| `onLoad`         | `(methods: SwiperMethods) => void`                               | `undefined` | Return callable methods                                                                                             |
| `Overlay`        | `(props, SwiperOverlayProps) => JSX.Element`                     | `undefined` | Render component over swiper (used for controls, fade effect, etc.)                                                 |
| `scale`          | `number`                                                         | `1`         | Helpful when applying transform scale to swiper to match swipe movements                                            |
| `stopMode`       | `'single'` &#124; `'multiple'` &#124; `'free'`                   | `'single'`  | Stop after a single slide, animate slides per braking stopping on whole slide (multiple) or wherever it lies (free) |
| `vertical`       | `boolean`                                                        | `false`     | Change to vertical swiper                                                                                           |

## SwiperMethods

The `onLoad` and `Overlay` props give access to the swiper control `SwiperMethods` that allows you to programmatically control the swiper.

```
interface SwiperMethods {
	/** go to a slide */
	goTo: (slide: number) => void
	/** go to next slide */
	next: () => void
	/** go to previous slide */
	prev: () => void
}
```

## SwiperOverlay

An `Overlay` component can be defined that covers the full swiper container above the slides. Common use cases involve adding controls and gradient fade effects. The component must return an element (not `null`).

The component will remove pointer events (i.e. `pointer-events: none`) in order to allow clicking through to the slide components. Therefore, if you want to add control elements (left, right, selected dot, etc.) make sure to set `pointer-events: auto` on each element. You can also apply add the control class name to accomplish this - `className="canari-swipe__control"`.

The props given to the component are:

```
interface SwiperOverlayProps {
	currentIndex: number
	methods: SwiperMethods
}
```
